
> Raw notes from the author, like post-its. Excpect mess.

---

One substantial vision is to go back the history path, specifically the context at certain point back in time and run that session point against the current one, if one agent archetype, essentially a dispatch with an archetype role, we could have a set of arhcetypes, spawn a sub agent for each different point back in time (possible forks as well or other dimensional relationships) and then take the result of their reaction or result of a specific inquery even, summarise the complete result into a chunk/chunks.

Thir example is interesting because just liek the set of context accross either singlehistory line, tree or from a multidimensional aspect, if you go ahead over that and create multidimensional matrixes where for one set you'd have one inquery, and then you can for another dimension/set have another, you could grade between one point to another, then you can relate between all these aspect and make analysis. 

It is like the process of birthing an agent is just like a cycle of emptyness meets form, and you may orchestrate it with all kinds of spatial beauty.

---

  * [ ] As you beging to write your development environment, or possibly at a stage your very OS, as knowledge requirements and ideas, then with stories you can define ui modules / concepts that support you in your work. Just liek you ought to be able to manual work with the substrate to achieve ultimately the same things, you can use a custom exerience that is generated by code from the system's inside it self. That could be in raw shader environemnt or whatever.

It is like the system enable imagination to take a more abstract inside into an interesting outside that bridges the gap in an engaging way.

Just voice is definetly going to be there, or just voice control but with realtime canvas ui to acompany words with visuals...

---

Ultimately the agentic recepie is a gateway to wonders.

The thinking process can be architected, each cycle placed with transparency, archetypes orchestrated.

For each cycle it is thourgh a mediating archetype portrtaid, so get to see over dispatch every change live, tohurgh medium arhcetypes, they can expl:w
uain from a narritives point of view, each cycle a thought xexpained on a canvas of all the thoughts that progress.

The human interface can even be real time, as for each cycle of thought arises from the space where the other thoughts are, each cycle can collaborate, speak to eacher and just so can the human.

As the human wtnesses the portraiyed thourghg thourgh the mediums, he can enter his own thoughts. Or pause cycles, or why not just roll back a little, rerun those with the added insight or thought.y
